so today I'll be doing a quick unboxing
of one of razors newest mice this is the
Razer Imperator and unlike their other
new Mouse this is an ergonomically
design that is if you're right-handed
mouse for gaming okay so let's start
with the important key specs first of
all it is powered by their 3.5 juillet
xur sensor and it is a 5600 dpi mouse so
let's get this open right away it has a
contoured thumb grip excellent okay so
how they are pitching this mouse is in
his control comfort and customized it is
not a mere Mouse and the extension of
your hands it delivers comfort and
better fit for gaming take on foes and
fatigue alike blah blah blah blah
basically I personally never really
liked razors ambidextrous mice for their
ergonomic sigh mean they perform great
and a lot of people do like the
ergonomics but I prefer more of a palm
grip Mouse and that seems to be what
they're going for here with the empiric
or so let's start to get this box open
your knife do you have a knife on me so
I can just cut the seal just like that
so that seems to be what they're going
for is to target that audience that
wants more of a more of a contoured
organ ominous so actually let's have a
quick look and see if I'm missing
anything here so we've got adjustable
side buttons that's oh that's cool
actually
that's one of the things that they've
customized about this mouse I'll show
you more about that in a minute
ultra large non-slip buttons seven-foot
lightweight braided fiber cable and a
gold plated USB connector and on the fly
sensitivity adjustment Teflon feet and
ok alright let's have a look at the
accessory package that razors included I
mean they're great at packaging product
look at that that looks terrific take
off there ok package at the back here
get this opened up and find out what
they've included normally Razer includes
a few key things like a product catalog
user manual alright so let's see how
many of their usual things they haven't
today so you've got your certificate of
authenticity this is a real razor
product also in French very cool all
right you've got a QuickStart guide this
basically shows you how to plug your
mouse into a PC Thank You Razer it also
shows you how to adjust the side buttons
which we will show you in a minute I'm
gonna leave that open in case I need to
cheat while I'm showing you guys how to
do it then we have a master guide and
this is in about 300 different languages
as far as I could oh no it's not even
how many oh no it's about like five
different languages in it including a
Greek alright then we've got a sticker
okay Razer stickers we have a little
card telling you how great this mouse is
thank you for buying it then we have a
product catalog which shows you a bunch
of the other Razer gaming peripherals
that you can buy and then we have I
haven't seen this one before okay one
punch out oh sweet okay to punch out
okay we're following the instructions to
rest your drink so if I had a drink I
would put it here and then three go
forth and kick ass so this is a coaster
Thank You Razer for including this Razer
coaster with my new Razer product
awesome okay so let's get to the mouse
itself so we take off the illness's
sealed just a moment pulling out the old
knife to stab someone in Quad modern
warfare 2 which I don't actually play
I'm just kind of faking it because I
have nothing else to talk about while I
open this package ok here we go so this
is the impurity tour so let's start with
a quick side wall look at it while I
rest my hand on it and kind of show you
how the ergonomics of the mouse work
this is actually very nice feeling and
it's definitely a comfortable palm grip
overall on the most it contacts my hand
at every possible place and this is
really cool so I'm gonna Oh neat ok so
here is how the adjustable side buttons
work that seems to be one of the killer
features of this mouse there's a little
slider on the bottom of the mouse where
you can rock these side back and forth
buttons are actually I use these for
voice communication you can rock them
back and forth so that they fit in the
place that is most comfortable for your
fingers
so I would obviously not keep them here
because I can hardly reach this one I
actually prefer them more towards the
back that's really neat okay so here you
can change your profile so you can save
different profiles on the most for your
dpi as well as your button mappings so
you can cycle between them here that's
really neat as well up here these are
probably going to toggle dpi settings
but I'm just sort of guessing right now
I'm terribly sorry about that up here
are your oversized buttons so they're
actually advertising this as very very
large rubberized buttons actually the
whole mouse has like a rubberized grip
II thing going on that I really like and
then this part is more slippery but
that's okay and then over on the other
side you will find that not a great deal
so here's a quick sort of overview look
at the mouse there it is and then oh
yeah last thing last but not least
you've got your braided cable so we just
did an unboxing of the abysus which I
was not impressed to find just a normal
plastic sheathed cable but this one has
a very nice non tangle braided cable as
well as a gold connector so thank you
for checking out my unboxing and quick
product overview of the Razer Imperator
Mouse